Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH YU-GI-OH! 5DS.
Jack: SO YUSEI, YOU MADE
GOOD TIME, DIDN'T YOU?
NOW THEN,
WHAT BRINGS YOU HERE?
I WANT TO KNOW WHERE
MY STARDUST DRAGON IS!
OH YOU MEAN
THIS OLD THING HERE?
TAKE IT!
I SURE DON'T
NEED IT ANYMORE!
WHAT NOW YUSEI?
ARE YOU HAVING
SECOND THOUGHTS?
NO JACK!
I WANT THE CARD
BUT I WANT
TO MAKE YOU PAY
FOR WHAT YOU DID MORE!
AND WHEN I BEAT YOU,
THEN I'LL
TAKE MY CARD BACK.
HMM. YOU ALWAYS
WERE A DREAMER.
WELL GET READY, BECAUSE
HERE COMES
YOUR WAKE UP CALL!
WELCOME... TO THE KAIBA DOME!
D-wheel computer A:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTOPILOT STANDING BY.
Both: LET'S RIDE!
JUNK WARRIOR SEND 'EM
TO THE SCRAP HEAP!
[ROARS]
HMM. IT'S MY TURN NOW.
FEEL THE POWER OF MY...
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
[ROARS]
YOU'RE GOING TO REGRET
EVER COMING HERE YUSEI.
'CAUSE I'M GOING TO BEAT YOU
WITH YOUR OWN CARD!
[GROWLS]
[JACK LAUGHS]
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Jack: WHEN I OFFERED
TO GIVE YOU BACK
YOUR PRECIOUS
STARDUST DRAGON,
YOU SHOULDA
JUST TAKEN IT
AND RUN BACK HOME
TO THE SATELLITE.
BUT NO!
YOU JUST HAD TO PROVE
THAT YOU CAN HOLD YOUR OWN
WITH THE MASTER OF FASTER.
I'M GONNA DO MORE THAN
HOLD MY OWN, JACK.
IT'S MY TURN!
I SUMMON SHIELD WARRIOR
TO THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND NEXT I'LL ALSO
SWITCH MY JUNK WARRIOR
INTO DEFENSE MODE.
WITH THAT DONE,
I'M PLACING
ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
IT'S YOUR MOVE,
OLD BUDDY.
LEAVING BOTH MONSTERS
IN DEFENSE MODE?
YOU GOTTA GET AGGRESSIVE
IF YOU WANNA WIN.
BUT THEN AGAIN,
I SHOULDN'T
BE SURPRISED.
YOU NEVER WERE
MUCH OF A FIGHTER.
Lazar: WE MUST END THIS CHARADE.
IF THE PAPARAZZI FIND JACK
DUELING SOME SATELLITE.
HIS REPUTATION WILL BE RUINED.
HAVEN'T YOU
LEARNED, YUSEI?
YOU CAN'T JUST
COWER AND HIDE
AND HOPE TO SURVIVE.
AND HERE'S PROOF!...
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
CAN WIPE OUT
ALL YOUR MONSTERS
IN DEFENSE MODE!
SO SAY GOODBYE
TO YOUR LITTLE FRIENDS.
GO ABSOLUTE POWER FORCE!
[LAUGHS]
SERIOUSLY, YUSEI...
DIDN'T YOU
LEARN ANYTHING
BACK IN THE SCHOOLYARD?
WHEN THOSE
"MEAN MEAN BULLIES"
WOULD COME AROUND
N' THREATEN YOU
AND YOUR LITTLE
AUTO SHOP PALS
FOR YOUR LUNCH MONEY?...
WHAT DID NOT FIGHTING
BACK EVER GET YOU?
A BLACK EYE AND AN EMPTY
STOMACH, THAT'S WHAT!
DIDN'T YOU SNEAK OUT
OF THE SATELLITE
TO "GET EVEN WITH ME?"
I MEAN, IF YOU CAME HERE
TO "THROW DOWN"
OR WHATEVER...
WHY ARE YOU
ACTING LIKE THAT
SCARED KID
FROM THE PLAYGROUND?
IT'S CALLED "STRATEGY."
WELL, NOW THAT
YOU'VE GOT NO MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD...
STARDUST DRAGON
CAN SWOOP RIGHT IN
AND ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
HOPE THIS DOESN'T
HURT TOO MUCH!
SURE YA DON'T.
[GROANING]
Jack: SO THE MONSTER
THAT USED TO BE YOURS...
THE ONE YOU CAME HERE
TO GET BACK FROM ME...
IS NOW THE ONE TAKING YOU DOWN!
I'M SURE IF YOU EVER THOUGHT
THAT THIS WOULD HAVE HAPPENED
YOU NEVER WOULD HAVE CRAWLED
OUT OF THAT DUMP YOU CALL HOME!
MISTER ATLAS
IS FABULOUS.
HE'S CONTROLLING
BOTH OF
THOSE DRAGONS
WITH
INCREDIBLE SKILL.
WELL WHAT ELSE
DID YOU EXPECT
FROM THE BEST?
IF WHAT I HOPE HAPPENS,
A WHOLE LOT MORE...
WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR, YUSEI?
YOU DO KNOW IT'S
YOUR TURN, RIGHT?
HOW COME YOU HAVEN'T
MADE A MOVE IN TWO LAPS?
THINKING OF GIVING UP?
NOT A CHANCE!
I SUMMON SONIC CHICK
IN DEFENSE MODE!
Duel runner computer:
WHEN SONIC CHICK BATTLES
AN OPPONENT'S MONSTER
THAT HAS 1900 OR MORE
ATTACK POINTS
IT CANNOT BE DESTROYED.
JUST LIKE BACK AT SCHOOL...
YOU WASTE ALL YOUR TIME
HANGING OUT WITH CHICKENS.
WELL, AT LEAST
I KNOW THIS "CHICKEN"
ISN'T GOING TO
DOUBLE CROSS
HIS BEST FRIEND
AND THEN SCURRY AWAY IN
THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.
IN FACT, THIS CHICKEN'S
STICKIN' AROUND
FOR THE LONG HAUL.
NOW I PLACE
A CARD FACEDOWN.
YOU'RE UP.
HMPH!
LET ME ASK YOU
SOMETHING, YUSEI...
HOW DO YOU THINK
THIS DUEL OF OURS
IS GONNA END?
LET'S KID OURSELVES
AND SAY THAT
YOU ACTUALLY
HAVE A CHANCE
AT OUT-DUELING ME...
AND LET'S SAY
YOU SOMEHOW
MANAGE TO WIN.
THEN WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO?
YOU HAVEN'T REALLY
THOUGHT THIS
LITTLE REVENGE
FANTASY THROUGH,
HAVE YOU?
WELL, LET ME
TELL YOU WHAT IS
GOING TO HAPPEN.
YOU'RE GOING TO LOSE
THIS DUEL.
AND THEN
I'M GONNA PRESS
A LITTLE BUTTON
ON MY RUNNER,
AT WHICH POINT
AN ENTIRE
SECURITY TEAM
WILL ARREST YOU
AND SHIP YOU OFF
TO THE FACILITY.
SO MUCH FOR REVENGE!
N 'SPEAKING OF YOU LOSING...
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
ATTACK SONIC CHICK!
TOO BAD, BUDDY...
YOUR LITTLE CHICKADEE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
WILL GET TRUMPED
BY THE POWER
OF MY RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND!
REMEMBER IT CAN
WIPE THE FIELD CLEAN
OF ANY MONSTERS YOU HAVE
IN DEFENSE MODE.
I TOLD YA', YUSEI,
YOU GOTTA GET AGGRESSIVE.
LIKE THIS!...
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
THAT CHICKEN WAS
SUPPOSED TO GET FRIED.
ALWAYS THINKING
AREN'T YOU YUSEI?
IT'S WHAT I DO BEST.
I'M JUST SURPRISED
YOU DIDN'T REMEMBER
THIS CLASSIC
FROM BACK WHEN
WE DUELED FOR FUN.
OH, YEAH!
YOUR REMOTE REVENGE
TRAP CARD,
I FORGOT YOU HAD THAT...
IT SEEMS THERE'S A LOT
YOU FORGOT ABOUT JACK,
SO HERE'S A LITTLE
REFRESHER COURSE
ON WHAT THIS TRAP
CAN DO...
FIRST IT DEFLECTS
YOUR ATTACK.
BUT THAT DEFLECTION'S
JUST THE BEGINNING.
ONCE IT DOES THAT,
IT DESTROYS EVERY
MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE.
AND AREN'T
BOTH YOUR DRAGONS
IN ATTACK MODE?...
SO HOW'S THAT
FOR GETTING AGGRESSIVE?
YOU HAVE A THING
WITH REVENGE, DON'T YOU?
TOO BAD FOR YOU...
JUST LIKE YOUR ATTEMPT
TO GET REVENGE ON ME...
THIS ATTACK IS GOING TO
FAIL MISERABLY.
'CAUSE STARDUST DRAGON'S
TAKING ONE FOR THE TEAM!
THAT'S ONE OF
STARDUST DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITIES.
IF YOU ACTIVATE A CARD
WITH THE POWER TO DESTROY
ALL MY MONSTERS...
STARDUST DRAGON
CAN SAVE ALL THE OTHERS
BY SACRIFICING ITSELF.
HOW'S IT FEEL
KNOWING YOU DESTROYED
YOUR FAVORITE BEAST?
SO MUCH
FOR STARDUST DRAGON...
BUT I GUESS IT HAD
TO GO DOWN LIKE THAT
IN ORDER FOR RED DRAGON
TO STAY ON THE FIELD.
HEY, DOES THAT REMIND YOU
OF ANOTHER SITUATION, YUSEI?
THINK ABOUT IT!...
THIS IS LIKE HOW
I HAD TO STEP ON YOU
IN ORDER TO ESCAPE
THE SATELLITE!
Lazar: MISTER ATLAS APPEARS
TO BE TOYING WITH THIS URCHIN.
I DO LOVE HIS PLAYING STYLE...
NOW, I PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN.
AND WITH THAT DONE,
I THINK I'LL BRING BACK
MY STARDUST DRAGON
SO YOU CAN GET ANOTHER PEEK
AT IT FOR OLD TIME'S SAKE!
NOW TAKE A LONG HARD
LOOK YUSEI,
BECAUSE AFTER THIS DUEL
YOU'RE NEVER GOING TO
SEE IT AGAIN!
UHH!
Jack: MAYBE YOU'LL EVEN
GET ANOTHER CHANCE
TO DESTROY
THE VERY BEAST
YOU'RE TRYING
TO WIN BACK FROM ME.
YOU KNOW YUSEI,
WITH FRIENDS LIKE YOU,
WHO NEEDS ENEMIES?
AND WITH BOTH DRAGONS
BACK ON MY FIELD,
IT LOOKS AS THOUGH
THIS BATTLE OF OURS
HAS COME FULL CIRCLE
HASN'T IT?
ACTUALLY...
NOT QUITE, JACK.
HM?
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP CARD!
HARMONIA MIRROR!
OH!
Yusei: CHECK THIS OUT...
BECAUSE YOU JUST SUMMONED
STARDUST DRAGON
TO YOUR FIELD
USING A METHOD OTHER THAN
THE USUAL SYNCHRO SUMMON...
I CAN USE THE POWER
OF HARMONIA MIRROR
TO GET STARDUST FIGHTING
ON MY SIDE INSTEAD!
WELCOME BACK OLD FRIEND!
THAT'S NO BIGGIE.
IT'S LIKE I SAID EARLIER
I DON'T NEED IT.
I WAS MERELY USING IT
TO TRY AND MAKE
THIS DUEL
MORE INTERESTING.
WELL YOU DID JACK,
AND NOW I'M
GONNA REV THINGS UP
WITH MY STARDUST DRAGON!
NOT BAD, YUSEI.
MAYBE YOU HAVE LEARNED
A THING OR TWO
SINCE OUR DAYS TOGETHER
IN THE SATELLITE.
SO NOW WE'VE GOT
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND...
VERSUS
STARDUST DRAGON...
IN A FIGHT
TO THE FINISH!
Jack: LOOKS LIKE
WE'LL FINALLY GET
THE CHANCE TO SEE
WHOSE DRAGON
IS MIGHTIER YUSEI...
AND YOU'LL FINALLY
GET THE CHANCE TO SEE
THE DUELIST
THAT I'VE BECOME.
REMEMBER THAT TALK
YOU GAVE
AFTER YOU BEAT ME
IN OUR LAST DUEL...
[GROWLS]
DID HE...
JUST LOSE?!
Jack: HE DID.
AND DO YOU KNOW WHY
OUR FRIEND JUST LOST?
BECAUSE HIS DECK
HAS NO BALANCE.
AND WITHOUT BALANCE.
ONE CANNOT BE
A COMPLETE DUELIST.
BUT YOU KNOW THAT ALREADY
DON'T YOU, YUSEI...
WELL I DIDN'T WANT
TO ADMIT IT,
BUT YOU WERE RIGHT
THAT DAY.
THOSE WORDS HURT,
BUT THEY TAUGHT ME
A VALUABLE LESSON...
OH REALLY YUSEI,
AND WHAT DID
THEY TEACH YOU...
THAT IN ORDER TO BE
THE BEST I CAN BE...!
I HAVE TO BELIEVE
IN THE POWER OF
EVERY CARD IN MY DECK.
AND EVER SINCE THAT DAY,
I'VE THOUGHT ABOUT
THAT DUEL WE HAD
OVER AND OVER AGAIN;
TRYING TO IMPLEMENT
NEW STRATEGIES
AND COMBINATIONS
THAT I WOULD HAVE NEVER
THOUGHT POSSIBLE.
WELL YUSEI,
ACTIONS SPEAK
LOUDER THAN WORDS,
SO LET'S JUST SEE
WHAT THAT
DECK OF YOURS
IS CAPABLE OF.
YOU GOT IT JACK!
AND WITH STARDUST DRAGON
ON MY FIELD
THE SKY'S THE LIMIT!
THIS SATELLITE
DOESN'T KNOW WHEN
TO QUIT, DOES HE?
WELL PERHAPS... I SHOULD
SEND IN THE SECURITY TEAM
TO END THIS
FOR HIM MR. GOOD- ...
HMMM...
[GIGGLES, LAUGHS]
LET ME
GET THIS STRAIGHT...
NOW THAT YOU'VE GOT
STARDUST ON YOUR SIDE...
YOU ACTUALLY THINK
YOU HAVE A CHANCE
AT BEATING ME?
WELL, YOU DON'T.
I'M THE BEST.
YOU'LL NEVER DEFEAT ME,
NO MATTER HOW MANY
STARDUST DRAGONS
YOU HAVE ON YOUR FIELD,
GOT THAT!
NOW BRING IT ON!
I'VE GOT
THE GREEN LIGHT!
AND I ACTIVATE
MY SPEED SPELL!
SILVER CONTRAILS!
Duel runner computer:
SILVER CONTRAILS
IS A SPEED SPELL
THAT GIVES ONE WIND ATTRIBUTE
MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD
ONE THOUSAND
ADDITIONAL ATTACK POINTS.
Yusei: NOW BECAUSE
STARDUST DRAGON
IS A WIND ATTRIBUTE MONSTER,
HE GETS A POWER BOOST.
IT'S TIME OUR BEASTS TUSSLE!
STARDUST... ICE HIS
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
GO COSMIC FLARE!
Both: UHH.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHY'S MY ARM HURTING?
WHAT IS THIS?
OH! OH! AMAZING!
INCREDIBLE! FANTASTIC!
OH! OH! OH!
SORRY, YUSEI,
BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO SONIC CHICK!?
MY SYNCHRO DEFLECTOR
TRAP CARD HAPPENED!
WITH THIS TRAP CARD
I CAN REFLECT
AN ATTACK AGAINST
A SYNCHRO MONSTER...
AND THEN
USE THE ENERGY...
TO VAPORIZE THE MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD
WITH THE FEWEST
ATTACK POINTS.
AND NOW THAT
YOU'VE ATTACKED,
THE EFFECT OF
YOUR SILVER CONTRAILS
SPEED SPELL WEARS OFF,
WHICH MEANS
YOUR STARDUST DRAGON
LOSES ITS
PRECIOUS POWER BOOST!
BUT IT'S
STILL MY TURN JACK
AND I'M FAR FROM DONE.
SO NEXT... FROM MY HAND,
I SUMMON GHOST GARDNA
IN DEFENSE MODE!
TRYING TO PROTECT YOUR
LITTLE DRAGON, ARE YA?
I PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN...
YOUR MOVE, JACK.
UHH.
Mina: INCOMING CALL, SIR.
Goodwin: PUT IT ON SPEAKER.
YOU MIGHT WANT TO FIND
A LARGE SOLID OBJECT
AND THEN DUCK BEHIND IT!
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
A MAJOR POWER SURGE!
IT'S OUTTA CONTROL!
IF IT KEEPS UP,
THINGS ARE GONNA GET CRA-ZY!
RECORD ALL
YOUR FINDINGS.
AS YOU WISH, SIR.
TIME TO END THIS, YUSEI.
I THINK
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
WANTS TO ATTACK
STARDUST DRAGON!
LET'S GO!
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND...
TEAR THAT
STARDUST DRAGON APART!
GO SCORCHING
CRIMSON FLARE!
HEY, GHOST GARDNA,
DOWN IN FRONT!
GHOST GARDNA'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
ALLOWS IT TO DRAW
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTENTION
AND BECOME THE TARGET
OF YOUR ATTACK.
SO RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
WON'T BE ATTACKING STARDUST
THIS TIME AROUND.
N'AFTER IT
GETS DESTROYED...
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH,
I KNOW!
I WATCHED YOU USE
GHOST GARDNA
PLENTY OF TIMES
BACK IN THE SATELLITE.
AND THIS IS THE PART
WHERE YOU TELL ME HOW...
WHEN GHOST GARDNA
GETS DESTROYED,
IT CAN LOWER
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ONE OF ITS
OPPONENT'S MONSTERS
BY ONE-THOUSAND UNTIL
THE END OF THE TURN.
DID YOU SERIOUSLY THINK
I DIDN'T KNOW
THAT WAS COMING!?
WELL, DID YOU KNOW
THIS WAS COMING?
I ACTIVATE A TRAP CARD!
COUNTERATTACK BEACON!
AND IT ACTIVATES WHEN
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
ATTACKS ONE OF MINE
AND MANAGES
TO DESTROY IT IN BATTLE.
ONCE THIS TRAP CARD ACTIVATES...
IT NOT ONLY GIVES
ONE OF MY MONSTERS
FIVE-HUNDRED
MORE ATTACK POINTS...
IT FORCES THAT
SAME MONSTER TO ATTACK
EVEN THOUGH IT'S NOT MY TURN.
VERY INTERESTING.
SO NOW STARDUST
HAS MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN MY DRAGON.
THAT'S RIGHT, JACK!
CAN YA' SEE
WHERE THIS IS GOING?
STARDUST DRAGON,
ATTA... ATTACK!
NOT BAD, YUSEI...
BUT "NOT BAD"
IS NOT GOOD ENOUGH.
NOT WHEN I'VE GOT...
THE PRIDEFUL ROAR TRAP CARD.
FOR THE LOW COST OF
ONE-THOUSAND LIFE POINTS...
I CAN GIVE
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
THIRTEEN-HUNDRED MORE
ATTACK POINTS!
OH DEAR ME THIS IS
A RISKY STRATEGY
EVEN FOR SOMEONE
LIKE JACK ATLAS.
HE'S EITHER VERY CONFIDENT
OR VERY FOOLISH
OR MAYBE
A LITTLE BIT OF BOTH,
BUT EITHER WAY...
THIS COULD END UP
EMBARRASSING HIM.
IT'S SHOW TIME!
[GROANING]
AAH! OHH!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
THAT ATTACK SHOULD'VE
DESTROYED STARDUST DRAGON!
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
HAS MORE ATTACK POINTS,
IT'S MORE POWERFUL!
SHIELD WARRIOR?
YOU CAN'T PLAY THAT CARD,
I SENT THAT
TO YOUR GRAVEYARD.
WHICH IS JUST WHERE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
CAN ACTIVATE.
ALL I GOTTA DO IS
REMOVE IT FROM PLAY...
AND THEN, I CAN
USE ITS POWER
TO SAVE A MONSTER
FROM BEING DESTROYED.
BUT DON'T WORRY, JACK,
YOUR DRAGON'S ATTACK
STILL HITS ME
FOR 300 LIFE POINTS.
AND I'M PRETTY SURE
PRIDEFUL ROAR'S EFFECT
WEARS OFF
AFTER AN ATTACK,
SO RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
IS BACK TO ITS
ORIGINAL POWER LEVEL.
I CAN STILL FINISH YOU.
WITH A SPEED SPE...
[GROANING] NOT AGAIN...
UHH! WHAT IS WITH
THIS PAIN IN MY ARM!?
WHAT KEEPS CAUSING IT!?
UHH!
WHAT THE...?
WHY IS MY ARM GLOWING!?
HEY, YUSEI...
YOU DOIN' THIS!?
Engineer: PROFESSOR!
THE REACTOR
HAS REACHED ITS MAX!...
THIS PLACE IS GONNA BLOW!!
AHH! UHH! UHH! AAH!
HUH?
WHAT IS THAT?
UHH. WHAT KIND OF TRICK
IS THIS YUSEI?!
WHAT ARE YOU
TRYING TO PULL?
[GASP]
INCREDIBLE...
[YUSEI AND JACK GROANING]
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M LOOKING AT!
THE CORE REACTOR'S
GOING CRAZY!
SEE...!...SPACE AND TIME
ARE BENDING
IN DIRECTIONS I NEVER
IMAGINED POSSIBLE,
ATOMS ARE SMASHING
INTO EACH OTHER,
QUANTUM PARTICLES
ARE COLLIDING
IN UNSTABLE WAYS!
WHOSE DRAGON IS THAT?
[GROANING]
I'LL TEACH YOU
TO PLAY TRICKS WITH ME!
I ACTIVATE A SPEED SPELL!
END OF STORM!
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING,
WE GOTTA STOP!
NO WAY, YUSEI!
ALRIGHT, FINE!
BUT I THINK WE'RE
GONNA REGRET THIS.
I ACTIVATE
MY TRAP CARD! UHH!
UHH!
OHH!
Lazar: OOH!
WHO TURNED OUT
THE LIGHTS?
THE MIGHTY BEAST HAS
EMERGED FROM ITS SLUMBER...
OH. LOOKS LIKE
WE SWITCHED
TO THE BACK-UP
GENERATOR.
WE'VE LOST
ALL VISUALS, SIR!
I'VE SEEN ALL I NEED TO SEE...
UHH. UHH.
WHAT... WAS THAT?
OUCH!...IT BURNS... HUH?
WHERE DID THIS COME FROM?
Jack: SO IT'S NOT JUST ME?
JACK... WHAT'S GOING ON?
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
THIS IS JACK?...
YOU DO, DON'T YOU?
FIRST THE ENERGY
WAS ALL OVER THE PLACE,
IT BROKE
ALL THE COUNTERS.
THEN THE GENERATOR
WENT BALLISTIC ON ITSELF
AND NOW IT SEEMS
THE PARTICLE ROTATOR
HAS STOPPED ROTATING
WHICH MEANS......
WELL, IT MEANS
IT'S BROKEN.
JUST DO WHATEVER
YOU HAVE TO DO
TO GET POWER
BACK TO THE CITY.
OK...
WHAT ABOUT MR. ATLAS?
JACK...
SAY SOMETHING, MAN...
WHAT'S GOING ON?
UHH!
Security guard:
YOU ARE IN VIOLATION
OF CODE 36-B,
WHICH STATES THAT
NO RESIDENTS OF SATELLITE
MAY ENTER NEW DOMINO CITY.
BY ORDER OF THE SOCIAL
MAINTENANCE DEPARTMENT,
WE ARE PLACING YOU
UNDER ARREST.
DO NOT TRY TO RUN.
WE HAVE YOU SURROUNDED.
OH MAN, I GOT
MAJOR PROBLEMS...
I GOT NO ESCAPE AND EVEN
IF I DID MANAGE TO GET AWAY,
I STILL DON'T KNOW WHAT
THAT THING ON MY ARM WAS...